### Problem: 07601

Question: 
> https://mega.nz/#!oFUx2STJ!6eLJSXvAfGnemqWpNbLQtOHBvtkCzA7-zycVjhHPYQQ I think I lost my flag in there. Hopefully, it won't get attacked...

How did I capture the flag?

1. We get an image named **AGT.png**  . I opened it in **vi** and the first thing I noticed is that it is not a **png** file. It is a **jpg** file.
			
		د؈^@^PJFIF^@^

* **JFIF** stands for **JPEG File Interchange Format** . 

2. I used the **strings** command and dumped all the strings it has into **AGT.strings** .  

		$ strings AGT.png > AGT.strings
		
3. As I glanced through AGT.strings, this is what I found. 
		
		jiKs
		(oN6
		Secret Stuff.../UX
		Secret Stuff.../.DS_StoreUX
		Eh`Cz
		C/$A
		8Dp;
		&xB!
		__MACOSX/UX
		__MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../UX
		__MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../._.DS_StoreUX
		cg`b`
		Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../UX
		Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../.DS_StoreUX
		"H1"-x
		D7n.Z
		__MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../UX
		__MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../._.DS_StoreUX
		cg`b`
		Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../I Warned You.jpegUX

* Looking at this, I came to a conclusion that it is not a normal JFIF image. It could have hidden ZIP files in it. 

3. I used **binwalk** to inspect AGT.png . This is what I got. 

		$ binwalk AGT.png

		DECIMAL       HEXADECIMAL     DESCRIPTION
		--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
		0             0x0             JPEG image data, JFIF standard 1.01
		9584          0x2570          Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../
		9646          0x25AE          Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../.DS_Store
		10270         0x281E          Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/
		10325         0x2855          Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../
		10396         0x289C          Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../._.DS_Store
		10546         0x2932          Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../
		10627         0x2983          Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../.DS_Store
		10988         0x2AEC          Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../
		11078         0x2B46          Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../._.DS_Store
		11247         0x2BEF          Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../I Warned You.jpeg
		150550        0x24C16         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../._I Warned You.jpeg
		151810        0x25102         End of Zip archive
		151832        0x25118         Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../
		151894        0x25156         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../.DS_Store
		152518        0x253C6         Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/
		152573        0x253FD         Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../
		152644        0x25444         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../._.DS_Store
		152794        0x254DA         Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../
		152875        0x2552B         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../.DS_Store
		153236        0x25694         Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../
		153326        0x256EE         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../._.DS_Store
		153495        0x25797         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../I Warned You.jpeg
		292768        0x477A0         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../._I Warned You.jpeg
		294028        0x47C8C         End of Zip archive
		294050        0x47CA2         Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../
		294112        0x47CE0         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../.DS_Store
		294736        0x47F50         Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../
		294817        0x47FA1         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../.DS_Store
		295162        0x480FA         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../I Warned You.jpeg
		434433        0x6A101         Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/
		434488        0x6A138         Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../
		434559        0x6A17F         Zip archive data, at least v1.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../
		434649        0x6A1D9         Zip archive data, at least v2.0 to extract, name: __MACOSX/Secret Stuff.../Don't Open This.../._I Warned You.jpeg
		435702        0x6A5F6         End of Zip archive

		$ 

* Bingo! . There are 3 ZIP files inside it. 

4. **binwalk** is an amazing tool. We can extracts these ZIP files easily. 

		$ binwalk -e AGT.png

* You would get a directory **_AGT.png.extracted** . Navigate into it. 

5.  You would have this. 

		$ ls
		25118.zip  2570.zip  47CA2.zip  __MACOSX  Secret Stuff...

6. Obviously, let us get into the directory **Secret Stuff...** . 

		$ ls
		Don't Open This...
		$ 
* Into **Don't Open This...** . 
		
		$ ls
		I Warned You.jpeg
		$ 

* Check out the image. It is a blank image. 
* Let us dump the strings in it into strings.txt . 
* As I went in search for the flag, I found this. 
		
		7LTg
		)<*J
		~FBL
		IJI^P
		SeVi7
		{Y1W
		R'=l
		4mvD
		NM4t
		5Ti(A
		$Bn.
		J]6D
		vHZ|
		0fqc"J
		R vm
		ZI/#+
		%L$v
		:(x&+16
		ui)&
		11,LHV
		ABCTF{Du$t1nS_D0jo}1r
		z:af
		fQ4s>#t\s
		WofP
		)cSuJ
		RegLUB
		b+ly4M

* We have a flag-like string. **ABCTF{Du$t1nS_D0jo}1r** . I submitted it and it got accepted. 

### Flag: ABCTF{Du$t1nS_D0jo}1r

---------------------------------------

PS: 

1. There are 3 zip files. You may unzip them. They are copies of **__MACOSX** and **Secret Stuff...** . 
